Better `INSTALL.md` after Dune switch. (#14677)
coq/coq: test-suite/README.md

# Coq Test Suite

The test suite can be run from the Coq root directory by `make test-suite`.

> However, for incremental test-suite builds, running `make` directly
> from the test-suite directory (or with `make -C test-suite`) is
> recommended. This Makefile is compatible with both a full Dune build
> or a legacy hybrid build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for incremental test-suite builds, we recommend running `make` directly
from the test-suite directory (or with `make -C test-suite`).
This Makefile is compatible with both a full Dune build
or a legacy hybrid build.
```
